feat: add wrapper plugins for Docker > Hako (#778)
Financial-Times/dotcom-tool-kit: plugins/containerised-app/readme.md

Reviewer: **praise**: thanks for expanding on the standard plugin documentation!

Author: Thanks! Last minute change because I felt bad about not doing it 😂

# dotcom-tool-kit/containerised-app

A bootstrap plugin that provides the minimum required Tool Kit plugins for a containerised application that's deployed to Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS).

  - [`@dotcom-tool-kit/aws`](https://github.com/Financial-Times/dotcom-tool-kit/tree/main/plugins/aws)
  - [`@dotcom-tool-kit/cloudsmith`](https://github.com/Financial-Times/dotcom-tool-kit/tree/main/plugins/cloudsmith)
  - [`@dotcom-tool-kit/docker`](https://github.com/Financial-Times/dotcom-tool-kit/tree/main/plugins/docker)
  - [`@dotcom-tool-kit/doppler`](https://github.com/Financial-Times/dotcom-tool-kit/tree/main/plugins/doppler)
  - [`@dotcom-tool-kit/hako`](https://github.com/Financial-Times/dotcom-tool-kit/tree/main/plugins/hako)
  - [`@dotcom-tool-kit/node`](https://github.com/Financial-Times/dotcom-tool-kit/tree/main/plugins/node)

> This bootstrap plugin is also preconfigured to run the `Node` task on the hook `run:local`.

Reviewer: **todo**:

```suggestion
This bootstrap plugin is also preconfigured to run the `Node` task – after building via the `Webpack` task – on the command `run:local`.
```
